rm: authentication-xilinx: extend integration with LmP (#474)
foundriesio/docs: source/reference-manual/security/authentication-xilinx.rst

Get the PMU firmware
--------------------
Get a valid version of the PMU firmware for the hardware ``pmu-firmware-MACHINE.bin``, which can be found at the deploy folder when built with LmP.

Replace MACHINE with the target machine name (e.g. ``pmu-firmware-uz3eg-iocc-sec.bin``).

Build the bootloader
--------------------
Build U-boot for the ZynqMP SoC platform including SPL support, which will produce a file called ``u-boot-spl.bin``.

This file can also be found at the deploy folder when building LmP for secure targets (on secure targets the variable ``SPL_BINARY`` is set to ``spl/u-boot-spl.bin``,
resulting the publishing of this binary as it assumes that the final ``boot.bin`` will be manually generated and signed by the user).

> On normal (open) targets the LmP build process will only publish the final ``boot.bin`` binary, as without any signing requirement the image can
> already be created and published as part of the build process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On normal (open) targets, the LmP build process only publishes the final ``boot.bin`` binary.
Without any signing requirements, the image can be created and published as part of the build process.
```
Sentence length

.. note::
        Booting a secure image disables the JTAG interface even if no JTAG related fuses were written. Use the SPL configuration option `CONFIG_SPL_ZYNQMP_RESTORE_JTAG`_ to re-enable it on boot.

> Integrating the signed boot.bin in LmP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integrating the Signed boot.bin in LmP
```
